Yuwu please triple
Seven days into a small realm
With the accumulation of my previous eight lifetimes
There is no peace before gathering
Prabhu Sutra is also a great disaster
Fortunately, at this moment, a year away from the appointment allows you to save your destiny
Enough for me to gather in this life
Suggestions for recording the first year to this life
There you are.
You have already estimated triple
You have also obtained the qualification for this Hundred Doors Club
lucky win
Oh, don't be modest.
Ocean you don't know
In your short seven days of cultivation
Our original gate held a Bigu competition
He's killing all over the place
You have also reached the ninth level of the Broken Valley Realm, right?
Well, I thought I was at the ninth level of Broken Valley
You can gradually widen the gap with him
I didn't expect it to get bigger and bigger
His talent has descended far beyond my imagination
It will take another month to go to Zhongzhou this time.
I believe that you will also be in the Royal Valley Realm at that time.
How Jingjing will you be then
Jade bone nine weight
Still clean
Enough for you two
A broken bone and a jade bone
I'm the only one still stuck in the body training
Hey ocean
You go to Zhongzhou this time
Do you want to choose a job directly?
Xuanyi Dao Palace
In the bitter and cold land of northern Xinjiang
A thousand miles away from Yuan Men
Departure from Zhongzhou
It saves a lot of events
OK
Remember to bring the housewarming back completely
If unsuccessful
dead or not